This distribution provides a LaTeX template for writing a dissertation
conformant to UBC's specification (as of June 2008).  The template
uses commonly-available packages available in most LaTeX distributions
such as MacTeX, MikTeX, and TeXLive.

The template has some documentation in doc.pdf.  diss.tex is the
main file, but all the dissertation content is contained in other
files (e.g., intro.tex) which are included from diss.tex using
\include.  The template documentation was itself written using the
template, and the content is found in ack.tex, glossary.tex, and
intro.tex.

FoGS has very strict formatting requirements, and you should review
the various FoGS Thesis Specifications and Formatting Requirements.
FoGS is very lenient with font choice, as long as the fonts are
used consistently.

    http://www.grad.ubc.ca/students/thesis/index.asp?menu=000,000,000,000
    http://www.grad.ubc.ca/students/thesis/index.asp?menu=005,000,000,000

I developed this template independently from Michael Forbes's
ubcthesis.cls/genthesis.cls.  Forbes' class was a modified version
of some other LaTeX class, and suffered from compatibility problems
with some LaTeX packages.  This template's document class builds
on top of the standard LaTeX book class, ensuring much better
compatibility with standard LaTeX packages.

Please feel free to contact me if you have problems, though I make
no guarantees.  Before reporting a problem, please ensure that

 1. you have the latest version of the template (see the abstract
    in doc.pdf or version.tex),
 2. you are using the latest version of your TeX distribution,
 2. your question isn't answered in the FAQ file, and
 3. you've exhausted your local LaTeX wizard's help (should you
    have one).

When reporting a problem BE SURE TO INCLUDE:

 1. the version number of this template (see the abstract in doc.pdf or
    the version.tex),
 2. details on the operating system and TeX distribution you are using 
    (e.g., Windows XP and MikTeX 2.5, SuSE Linux 10 and its bundled
    installation, MacOS X 10.5.4 and MacTeX 2007),
 3. the log file (likely called diss.log).

Brian de Alwis
brian.de.alwis@usask.ca

